We had a very good session I should say and they're very successful
In Portugal and even better in Spain
Portugal is a place where
Gurus have touched to him nicely
Because people are too simple I think and
Because they are too simple they're affected too hard and
I
Was really confronted
With so many sick people there who have been to gurus
Who have been only four to three?
Thanking to three
Years with them not badly affected and
Surprisingly how the whole thing is exposed
That we may be able to do
Much better
In Portugal
Now the
Portuguese people
Get lot of wine
In a drink a lot
They really drink. I mean they have all kinds of wines in their countries a very big problem of that places
It has many wines and I think the drunkenness
Make them extremely lethargic
And that with hardly brought down that Empire
You can see it's a very huge place. I mean the
building's if you see are very beautifully done lots of buildings with lots of architecture and
All that
Is like a desolate place
the reason is the people who we're
At the time quite affluent were doing well gradually
unemployment started settling down
Lots of strides just the same thing as I feel it's happening in this country and
unemployment
And
Amounting to establish first days to get doles and all that as we get yet
Gradually, it stopped
Now it's so bad that all of them have to depend on their parents. There's no way
They have no source of income
Very few industries. It's one of the poorest
country in the whole of Europe
That made me think about in here
But we have to
know that
This country also may face a face if we do not get up now
You see it's alright to never do that attention to Falkland and all that, but it cannot feed you
So we have to understand all the sahaja Yogi's must understand that they all must have some sort of affair
Degree or something on the paper?
That's a very important
And though you are all realized Souls and
You are spiritually so and doubt everything is there
But you have to think of the whole if the country
completely goes down in its production and
Its capacity to activate itself. You will go down T
so your attention should be
now
Of course, you should not be materialistic
But towards putting more activity into you even in sahaja yoga in meditating
In working it out in yourself. So the authority is not going to be
And this is one thing is such an inertia such an inertia that exists
That unless and until really put in complete willpower this inertia may not be combat
It may be very difficult
Of a very dangerous time and means
You have to really be patriotic about it
And you to think about it
After all you are symbols of the English people
Whatever works out in you will start working out in the rest
So how you behave towards yourself
And towards the general atmosphere is very very important
Towards sahaja yoga. Also the attitude has to be understood very clearly
You see like a
Maharaja in India who lives in quite give it comfort. First of all lives like a lord and he orders about to see
And then everything is lost
But still he talks like a lord. He behaves like a lord
His whole thing is the same way
though it's not that the kingdom is there that he's the ruler but he's talked like that to everyone because the habits are for I
Think the mind also has formed a habit the whole atmosphere
Its charged with such ego since law
And that's why towards sahaja yoga also the attitude has to be
humbler much
Because without humility you cannot that's one thing you must understand. It's no question of
You rationally saying something about it or explain it, you know
Yeah, but but you see basically one has to be extremely humble. First of all, it's a very big privilege
To get realization, you know
it's a greater privilege to
Is the greatest to be a sahaja yogi?
It is a very great privilege that you have which very few people and you are the ones who are chosen specially
But the humility part of it is still missing about sahaja yoga about self
Like we should ask make me better sahaja yoga a humbler sahaja yoga a
Compassionate sahaja, yoga a sweeter sahaja yogi dissolved my
This is very important we must understand because whatever works out in you will work out in this country
Baragas is something
That with ego you can never understand you have another one the way you talk to others the way you behave towards others
You will never understand because there is he if you are standing in the darkness
The light is there but it is covered with something how will you understand where is the light
So humidity must be there because you people have very developed brains
Very develop develop grace and that great can see always tell you. Ah,
better than I've ever you say always the
Another one is no good. And the third one is useless. See you're the best
That's typical of the brain teachings
And when it starts working out, it's very difficult. You see to see that the one who is saying this, you know, where?
Because from the point where you see you cannot see what you are saying
What you see is the whole thing as if you
Have to command it you have to ask for it
Of course the quality is very much changing now
Everybody is becoming very very very sweet and sober and nobody now demands anything from me like you must give me this mother you have
To do it. You have to look after me after all
I have been to your Caxton Hall once to see and how dare you do not look after my mother when she met an accident
Something like that that's over now
that's
The quality is improving I when I started learning now how to laugh at your own ego and listener
But I personally think that one has to realize that if you represent this country to your mother
Then it has to improve State
still I have to improve and I have to go ahead I have to go further with it and
I have to develop
that
Beauty of
Humility
Like in Portugal they told me Lord Bryden who might think to be a useless fellow absolutely
Good-for-nothing and I regretted every minute why he was created on this earth
He went and said that he went and said
Sintra is a very beautiful place Sintra is too good to be wasted on Portuguese
It should have been for mr. Lord Byron - so every maybe
And it pinches everyone, you know everybody feels but think if you are the person about whom you said
So one has to develop a kind of a humility that I have to still receive come forward
I have to still get it. It has to work out
Now when it comes to that kind of an attitude, then it turned wrong
Turn down upon yourself. What have you done for? Sahaja yoga
one punch
Simple what have you done for sahaja yoga
How many people have you given realization
How many people have you been able to hear
How much peace have you got within yourself
How much blissful are you how much compassion have we won?
How much forgiveness and patience you have for others
How much of sharing you can do?
These are the signs of sahaja Yogi's that
You break your shell you become the collective
How much we understand others
And how much do you understand giving others?
What have you given to others even on material level let's see
These questions should be put to yourself on a very material level
These questions have to be asked on a very material level because the light comes down upto material
How many people who can forgive
You are realized so your profits no doubt you can make others prophets
But you have to be the quality ocean
The quality of a prophet is his nobility he's so noble
Nobleness
In comparison with other people who are not realized Souls
He is nobler
He is more dignified
He is much more forgiving so the whole way of dealing with others will change
He is obedient
For our we have to obey our good way
Otherwise you are difficult people. It's impossible. Nobody can do anything
If you are like a thorn, how can anybody help?
So the quality of a sahaja yogi is measured by another kind of a measure
This is not the way human beings measure the quality of other human beings like somebody has a good taste for example so far
Then peoples are always great for the booty, so did he had the big paw?
Paw he talks like that or he walks like that or says they start and all those things
Or a question like this, why did you say like that all these words you know that
Very hard - why do you do like that? This is kind of a language itself was not there in this English life
Nowadays, the language is so changed and very rude
very arrogant and
very harmful
So first ask yourself
Because sahaja yoga will spread of course slowly and steadily I hope
Only through your images you are the reflectors you put my thousands of posters
I'm so unique, you know
They say all right. This unique personality is big enough
no, but
What about the deciders?
So actually whatever is in the lower level
Animals is important right in lower level animals
The king is the one say the tiger has to kill an animal big animal it is he only can kill
Til humans tell you also perhaps it is the one who can really dominate others survival of the fittest
Is the rule is the other way around it's changed completely
How much free you are in your ideas
Or you are still identified with old ideas?
But free doesn't mean abandonment by in each other
Freedom
Means you respect the freedom of others first and foremost thing of freedom is that you must respect the freedom of others
Even God respects your freedom
He cannot give you realization if you don't want you cannot force it
So respect the freedom of others, but that does not mean
While respecting the freedom of others, there should be abundantly
If somebody is abundant in in sahaja yoga, he goes out of the circulation of sahaja yoga
It's not coming in so important. I have told you hundred times
It's throwing out part of it you see
Sometimes I feel I should give you some clothes to sticker
maybe
the we can turn very fast and some of
half takes may be thrown out back coming into the
oven
So I
Feel in these countries when I went Spain they call it Spain still half developing Portugal developing
I
don't know what you think about Italy whatever it is called very humble, very
humble from the very first day
anyone
Who comes from the very first day they are very humble and because they are number they are sensitive to me
Because you have to be really very humble to be sensitive, that's a fact
Because I'm too simple not even as if I do not understand anything. I
Look like that
As if I have no knowledge of anything
Very simple woman talks in a very simple way
He's very friendly and all right
So to understand me you have to be extremely humble
And if you cannot go to that level of humanity you cannot see
And you cannot understand
And the more you start understanding the more humble young people naturally because you know what it is
So I have told you many times about humility part of it but my experience of these countries was where I went there I mean
They are very humble. Very humble
About sahaja yoga extremely even the new people were very humble
Spanish people same thing extremely humble. You see Don had told me that there. Were you go over
bullfighter
But the one who came this time, they're so humble. I was amazed
Even if I could touch them that was sufficient for me. Nobody pulled my hand nothing
So this is what it is one has to
Understand that we have certain tags
of our past
Which has to vote on
The language should be extremely common language. Try to read I
Don't know whose language is so humble
Maybe mine, I don't know
But try to read books where people speak humble language humble way of talking
We'll enjoy it
Really enjoy
Humility is the glory of sahaja Yogi's
It's the only way they will grow
It's like putting your roots down and down and down
The
People who went from here where themselves amazed at the humility of the people who were there very much amazed
the way things are working out there the way they
helped us and did everything for us and
I'm sure now in Spain. We'll have a very nice
Very very nice Center. Of course, the Ambassador is a very very humble man, you know him too humble
And he might be coming here and one day I want to call him here to the ashram
Also, he and his wife will be here
so the ambassador was very sweet and he called to me to his house in write it and in a
Kinda nice tea party called Indians and everything and Indians where you know, they asked me for one thing. It will be shocking
They said what about something to?
Depend upon see can we have your photographs something must be having some vibrations?
Should we use her photographs for our version?
And the first time said that it's alright it will work out too like I didn't want to say it to take my photograph
So she was so disappointed the lady she said no, there must be a photographs or something which we can use after all, okay
And here first thing comes up like a big snake why mother's photograph?
She should give us the elaboration she should
She should solve our problems all our sickness everything but why have photograph this is too much
In this you can see the ego of the people
Now regarding our show I had asked me I had asked him to make certain rules of English
I
must say that
Of course. Nick should say things as you somebody told me that he should have been using softer with it and although
But supposing somebody is not soft at all so
You must know that is he sent by mother and you must be
You see actually when you say no to him
We are saying no to me on so isn't because I sent him I told
And I told him that you must carry out these things if you do not allow him to carry out
He has to mean cannot strict. My softer means supposing something fails then what to do
But I I really don't know after realization even if you
Do not do things. What should we do? Then? He suggested I
Mean you should respect everyone but say even if you respect people get a potato clock in the morning then what should you do?
What should be done you just tell John
I mean, it is really surprising
You are not prophets. Do you understand your quality? What are you whatever you know?
Then what should we do about you? See these are so simple things like children
Also, if you are in a hostel you are made to get up in the morning. Take your bag. Get ready. I mean
If you do not listen
anyone a very simple
Then what should one do with
You just had
This is not the problem in Australia
But English one I'm going to Australia eight problems
have see
Sally
What a problem Bob
You could see in forecast her ego absolutely in contrast. I could see L clearly
Though she said that she was in uh what her place she was him
Yes, Jesse, and they are boots got her, but all the boots
Mystical that's the point
Such a contrast, you know
If we have to move as one button and you are enlightened
Parson part part and parcel particle of the same body supposing this finger says no. No, I will not reach
now somebody is say
putting a
big
Attack or something and this hand says no, I will not work out there what to do
Actually, it's a very big
Dilemma for me
Because a hand which is forced to do it will never do it properly
If you don't force it, then what happens together, I mean just see these
Diligence is very important
We should not take things for granted
You see
We take now oneself for granted everything for granted is not problem we have to work hard
We have to work it out ourselves you see even if you have ten thousand sahaja Yogi's they
The quality is so poor there, isn't it?
You have to get up in the morning do it meditation
You have to grow you have to grow still much more and you know, you are so very few. I have to use you only
Of course nobody can force you and even if you for a forced labor is not going to help you sell yoga
that is you take it from it cannot
So these people are moved where and where do they stand?
Now anyone you tell the job say Warren was in Australia?
There was jealousies about it terrible jealousies
Why should he tell me?
Because there's nobody to tell you within your circle
That's the problem is it?
So that which is sleeping I put it into one man. All right this management
But then that person tells you then people feel jealous
A profit is never jealous
Because he knows he has achieved his powers now, he's in his own power and his power is of surrendering
It is not about powering you see you cannot see the other side of it
You think power means you sit on somebody's head?
then I am very powerful like a woman if she can make her husband dance to her tune then she thinks how
I'm the most powerful woman ever living is the other way not
That the woman is so loving that husband cannot do without that sort of a power
She's so sweet that the husband cannot manage without her that sort of a power it should be the power of a prophet
And these things are very much deeply put into us so face it up a dicta
Whole value system is upside down. I tell you the whole value system is upside down
See my life own life
As a wife of such and such and such I am expected to go into diamond shops buy diamonds
well
Become a big lady
Heels like that and walked with a neck like that. I
Do all sorts. This is the normal
expert and shouted the chauffer and shouted the servants and shout at everyone and
Behave in that manner. I mean that's what it is. The power is you see that's how the woman expressed their husband's positions
But the other way now in the situation of a prophet
The Prophet asserts its powers through law
How much can you hate me I love you double
Always whatever you will hate me. I lov love you double of that
then what you know
But to love one has to sacrifice
one has to give
One has to bear
Love doesn't hang in the air
That's one thing people don't understand love is not only talking LaVon if you are little gentle to someone is not the point
But even that bearing is a joy because ultimately you are doing it for now
If love is the joy giving thing then that painting is not much
They are doing it for love sake
See because love and less energy. It is shared. You cannot enjoy
So first we have to be strict with ourselves I think will be a good idea and loving to others
That may be the way we might work it out
By God's face. We have a very nice place as an Asha
We might get even better place you are the God's own blessed be
No one can't believe that we could have such a nice place
But
What are we willing to do for it? That's the point. We should say don't take things for granted. I must want I
Know England is the heart
But in God's lamps one can create many hearts not so difficult
So more harmony should be brought in even you will be surprised in France, it's so harmonious and so
Find faults with yourself all the time
Now under certain circumstances I have to appoint somebody
Like I would say very personally I would say Nick because Nick is doing no job. It's quite a systematic person. He's all right
this thing
He has some problems. I know you two have problems. All right
But he's the one available to me. Then. He's the one who is going to do. Say one take one case now
You must understand. My mother has appointed somebody. All right
Accept it because it's
a big dance all entities dancing
They are feeling the tenseness of the situation so try to entertain
That's it that is look
Like they want to really relax
They want to relax
They want you to feel nice to be joyous
Look at them
In the same way we should
I'm sure I'm sure now henceforth I
Think best thing is to make some poems
That may be a solution
Alright, let's see
And let everybody start writing poems
Will be a good idea
and that will work out I
sing the song of places
It's very little way
Just amazing in every way
Just there in your heart
besides the source of all the mood
It's just turn your face towards that
That will work out I'm sure it will work
It's not very far away
Let her also stand there she'd enjoy
Now another point was that you are going to go to that peace mission or something
Though in Brighton you're
Alright and I told Kay has written an article about two pieces
You know that piece is nothing without it is within yourself
And if you can see your piece then only you can start feeling these four hours sahaja
Yoga is don't need there's no other way. Yeah see
At the level of say take the position of four o'clock now, let's see if Oakland Ireland is a very immediate problem
Now at that level there's no solution
There's no solution. They are quite justified in attacking back Rockland because these people very legally there
Because that's not a democratic country. They have destroyed so many people of their own so English were justified
of course, my all support was for them because they were
correct on the justice part
that's true, but just
Because for whom to fight these are realized Souls
They're right for what
Even if you have democracy
If it is democracy, what is through surviving democracy? I
Mean if through democracy are creating only demons
It's demonic
Ray, then what is of having them democracy? Awesome?
What about this so-called?
communism
All stupid people to my eye
Everybody is stupid
And they cannot achieve anything at that level
You grunts a little matias, correct? After all you see that was there people were there under democracy?
These people should have gone because they have killed so many people already in Argentina. They have no business
And of course this particular is means absolutely against our job. So democracy is the best fruit ain't no doubt
We have to support democracy, but even democracy for more
White well democracy
Who have the higher freedom
If you cannot have higher freedom and it's just means abandonment to see
Democracy means that an old man can marry a young girl and all sorts of nonsensical things
So democracy is only suitable to people who are Hari
Who have established their Dharma, otherwise you really need a
communistic
Country which will settle down with her mother
to live a lot of
But people think that democracy is for running yoga mum, you have freedom to do in your Karma's you like you see what's wrong
It's a very you see you cannot say it's a dilemma again, I don't know which way to go
It's another dilemma, so to end up the dilemma you have to talk to people that
Though it might be justified at this time say Falkland thing
Aggression is for this because next time they won't do such a thing again
it's really for peace because next time such a thing they may not try this their spots and
There are all these Germans have gone and settled there so it's a good thing but still
It's not peace. It has a lot of people this thing is up. Why because people are not realized
coming tan
Alpha there's lot of space here move on
So all those people who come for strips are monkeys anymore on this Oh Staniel
So all these political institutions are a big joke
Without realization. They are not yet fully human beings. They are not fully developed because they're not from their spin. You must find your spirit
Unless you have found your spirit. No problem is going to be solved once your problem is solved
That is to find your spirit all other problems are so how what will happen. Let's see
What will happen if we establish a kingdom of the realized Souls?
Let's hear the scholar what should happen
Of course everybody will get up early in the morning
Apart from that that's the most difficult thing
Tell me whatever you say will happen
There won't be any States
You see God has not made any state system madness I tell you when I was born I was covered what
See God that has not made me one of these. He said it's a very different thing than what you see I expected
You see God has made a beautiful land. All right, like this one one, sorry like that
Now you have to have some design pattern. So you made some
Beautiful mountains and some nice
Can say areas and some are
desert some are easy to create the whole system if you see has worked out in such a way that you have a Twitter and
You have the Sun there. So the will start meeting. This is all created
So beautifully so you have different types of countries and different types of places
Now after creating that
Human beings to be dust that
The divided attention salary just took me tactical redesigns no need to divide like that. So they created States
There was no need to create a state but you see happen like this that in the beginning they created state
because they wanted to have a
You can say a hot
Protect themselves then a village then a CT now a state now after state. What is the next situation?
Collective miss is the breaking is
One word it is
I believe me, but to me Sansa's proceed in so many I can't understand walking in the you see
These customs and all that carry your passport that
criminal number so-and-so and apart from that you can your photograph and then there are so many things my photo by the way my
Passport is completely filled. Now. You have to get another one. It's like that you see everywhere you go. You look like criminal
They look at your face and then they stamp on you. All right, you are stopped boy. That's terrible. It's
Indentified absolutely there that means you do human beings have no dignity left in them. I
Mean this land does it belong to you at all?
this land of
You are of all in the land
Nothing belongs to you actually to be very frank. I'm sorry to say
It's true
So, what is the state
Distinctness
But stateless also means there is state in it. I
Say this is one word
This is has been is and will be I mean you may you know with you see
Hallucination think it is different and fight this I sometimes feel you are just fighting your shadows
This is the you have treated shadows and the shadows are fighting and just to make the shadows fight you fight otherwise shadows won't fight
It's all a shadow there's no truth in to me it looks like that this all madness
Everybody my god, you all should enjoy
To enter into the kingdom he's
In his kingdom there is nothing like a state
So that's a very different world we are entering into
There are no alternatives there it's only one
absolute
State of mind where you belong respect, that's wrong
That's not going to be any aggravation it stupid to be aggressive
There's not going to be any separation stupid to do that
Nobody's going to be suppressed and nobody's going to take in something everybody. Why?
Do you find that in the nature?
Nobody does that it's a harmonious living in the nature even in the animal kingdom
see they know that a
Tiger has to live on an animal. It's all on that cattle has its own life finish
Even they can understand the need but human beings don't
They are newbies of spirit
and spirit hates
actually hates
Aggression it cannot it cannot even if it wants you cannot
It's in dignified to address any muscle for a spent
In dignified absolutely it is wretched
So that is what it is that we'll all enjoy love love of God his blessings
and
All our limitations will drop off
So-called boots as you call them
Hello
It's a very different
Atmosphere of reality this is all unreal is absolutely unreal. It's an illusion, I think
because you know that Brahma is divine vibrations are doing everything they
Are working out everything even material things
Everything they can achieve
Apart from that they give you that source of joy, which takes you onto that atmosphere where you exist and enjoy
All the you just created by human beings
This is all illusion
Believe me it's all in you
There is no truth in it at all what true illusion you can work out
It's a very interesting thing that only through illusion you can work out
Because
When I am talking to you you have to keep an illusion of
Being here. Otherwise, you won't pay any attention. You won't see me. You know me you won't talk to you
So you have to help
But I know this is illusion
That's all
Living in this world in this illusion if you know it's an illusion that's done
You are going to be tomorrow citizens
No doubt
Of a very high level
On it
They will come when they will have to jolly. Well two consultants already have seen how I'm playing tricks on the US
Did you hear the way the lady made mistakes? I see there's two big things
Did you find that I saw a photograph and I said, oh this stupid woman. She just changed her angle
Now they are realizing that they don't know what happens they'll suddenly have they go amok they'll all go amok
And then they will have to find out how they should be controlled what has happened, how did
All these tricks one has to play with all of them
Now after the last war perhaps
People may not have come out with many aggressive words, perhaps maybe
Because it will be unpopular but they'll do such stupid things
To prove that they are good for nothing
All this can be done
But you must know it's an illusion all of you because you are different things. You are seeing through different eyes
You know what Islam is?
so you must
Raise your quality
Raise your quality a
Normal life
supposing is he like I'll say that somebody is a
Pure
Then he dresses up in a particular way
Then he suddenly becomes an officer
Then he becomes a different style as he walks in a different ways gate changes style changes. So now you have become prophets
Whole thing has to change
Either you don't accept this position, but if you are accepting this position and you were paid for it
Then better be that I
Mean you can't dress up like a few if you are an officer. Can you?
It's all illusion complete Egyptian the whole thing is an
All these kings of yours and heels are like dogs there before especially mr. Pope who soon came here
My grandson says, mr. Popo camión said Pope said, I'm sorry poor
And he was talking all rubbish I say how do you know because all his chakras are catching
And he's supposed to be the Pope in charge
Now Bishop of Canterbury
See, he's another funny man. I've seen him on the thing. He was agnostic about empathy. I don't know about Christ
Also me me he said I'm agnostic
Any question you ask him?
I'm agnostic you very good escape he has got is he he's agnostic off about everything because he said you sir missed you to me
So what are you doing there? I mean if it's a mystery to you, it's
I mean, I just don't understand. How is he thinking?
So some people have taken upon themselves this you say now we need to talk I mean, how can you talk to your shadow?
So the people live in the shadow state
And
You should not symbolize yourself. I service. You should symbolize yourself our reality and look at them as shadows you see
In a way, you know, very dignified. You know, this is a shall go, you know, just
fit in here
But not an aggressive way but have compassion about them
Say no no sir. It is not so you are sending mistake
This is the shadow of love
The whole Christianity's doomed
Because they started running after shadow
This mr. St. Paul, I don't know how he came into math now you are a theologies to tell me John
How did he enter? I mean anybody who says he saw Christ is he supposed to enter into the Bible?
How did he I mean his sayings and his words and his letters are regarded as the letters from the Bible
After Christ before Christ is all right, but after Christ
What is the validity I don't understand
What is the credibility of this person entering into that as an authority how?
Well, nobody challenged him
He was a man who was killing so many people before then suddenly
He becomes something and he starts saying I am doing Christ's work and this and that and write letter to Corinth occurrence and all these
people and all that and why these letters that he writes becomes a
Bible penny Mattox
What did he do in his own lifetime half of it is spent in killing and half of it is he was an impostor
I'm happy that it has come to your notice
But one can ask why? Why is he there now? He started this charismatic thing. He's doing worldly
At first sight in India this is st. Paul's Church
They're all for this people, you know
One of my uncle's was the priest of that he was a vapor this time reactant fedorable
And when I saw that I wanted to see the st. Paul's might be what he had read number I was amazed
But I said let two people
need an solution
And this horrible charismatic movement is anti-god activity absolutely anti-god activity
So if you have to talk to the gentleman you have to tell him about
That it is possession
the Seventh day Adventists and what are the in this Pentecost is nothing, but that
Jamaicans are doing all of them are great spiritually developed people
Spiritually in the power. I
Mean there should be certain norms, isn't it?
About a person who?
Is supposed to be a prophet or something something to do with God you see
The world is coming to a position where they are understanding but you see once they start disregarding
The danger is this once they start disregarding
These things because they are myths and falsehood. They will disregard also what?
And all the truth about God they can become communist. That's the easiest way
That there is no return
It's a dangerous situation
When you talk to him, you have to tell him one
Already your churches are selling here
Nobody goes to church
Now about the environment they're having an me meeting on environment
That too is only solved through spirit
all involve problems can be solved only spiritual if you have spiritual ascent otherwise
You try anything is like patching up this high
See now it's a very deep-rooted thing
That we don't understand that spirit is the most practical thing
You see we think straight we think it's like a drunken
Spiritual man, he's a cunt
He's a drunkard. He's most abnormal
Funny either he hits people or runs away from them. This is the idea we have gone about this
But just see you are spiritual
You will find it impossible to use plastics after something
Because you will know that
Plastics give you horrid vibrations
After some time you will be really you'll find it repulsive
It's alright to sit in a train for a while on a plastic Coach
But to sit in your house on a plastic all the time
Would be horrible and to wear a plastic coat
all the time
Our body will refuse
So when people will be spiritually awakened they will give up all these nonsensical things
So then they say then what will happen to the machines now machines are for us we are not for the machines
This is this is another concept is whatever create is for us and we are not for that. All right doesn't matter
Nothing will go wrong with the machines machines should be used for anything. That is a public
One like for motor cars for your trains trams all public work, which is outside
For houses at the most you can use machines
but for personal things you must meet how
We must use handmade
handmade things
For spiritual people would like to have something that is handmade or real when I can't wear a nylon sir
Not that I am very fussy about you, but I just can't feel it
After some time if I do not take out my soft 79 on what to do
now vibrations get junk
So you won't be able to wear
Next to your skin near your skin near your body eating your clove everything in plastics
Cooking in plastics. I mean, it's too much
Thank God creaking I don't think is possible inclusion
But aluminium is another thing it is very bad
Aluminium you won't be able to
You either try copper or brass things
Now handmade things will you Bob because they are made by hand. So they have vibrations people would like to have one
It takes a part
So by that we remove the disparity of the world developing countries can do handmade things
You cannot beat them with computers can
You guys go ahead mad with your computers
You will have to come back
Must understand the whole
If you don't understand the whole this is what is happening
Like mad, you know computers going ahead ahead and we're into the ditch
In cryptic mouth now they have created big mountains of
Plastic, they don't know what to do with it. So
I know with computer. What will they do?
They'll create a greater
Mountains out of plastics maybe Himalaya I indicated
With the copter
So the developing countries should not try to follow these mad people on one side
they should develop their hand things and all that because they'll have to come back now the handmade things in this country are so
Important and so expensive you don't care whether it is pressed or not
But I mean, do you have to take nylons because this is nylons is a symbol of development
Not of our development perhaps but of development so they must take two nylons and
Plastics and two stainless steel and aluminium if possible
That's what we are doing
When you have less things
Consumed like that you use less things from your motherland
Because handmade you cannot go on mad
Like a machine goes like a raksasa eating away everything and producing more shit has to live like that. It is not economical
So when you have a handmade thing you have more value for your things you look after them better you feel better
You are comfortable and you?
Need not be that smart you see
machine made
That idea of smartness is going now
So the developing countries should also learn a lesson. They are going after you know, they are running fast. They try to run faster
They cannot
Thank God they cannot
But they should stick on to that side
You see one part of the country has to be something another part has to do something else
But two people have to look after
The side of machines, all right, I mean handmade things what can I make
Some serum exciting apologies
Some apologies for that you better do what you know better and let them do what they can do better and share
If this balance is established, there's no aggression
Unemployment can be solved all the problems can be solved if you take to handle optics. We should take to handmade as far as possible
Sahaja, yoga should you hand me things?
We're not the cars
But for their personal use
Even I would say soap suds are horrid the soaps that you get in England are not meant for
Your your skin's at all for sahaja yoga. See I can't bear
What you have to is natural soaps that you get get from any country if you like but natural source
Which comes from natural oils?
Food also
Natural food. You must eat more natural food than artificial
All that will give you a better living and that is called as alternative
All right, that's all today is important, but that doesn't mean you go in a bullock cart
You can export your planes to India on your car to India and get khadi from there you're right
We should understand
Because we are part and parcel of one whole
and we just cannot exist by our only growth because then we become malignant to see oneself seeds are another
You have to if you have a machinery you have to each other
Because you produce so much you must find markets for them you must supply them
You must send over then you must have other countries to attract them
People have tremendous respect for Mahatma Gandhi, but I don't know if people understand what he said about machinery
That doesn't mean the people who are doing machine work should give up by any chance, but some of them they can close down
For example plastic
Toys for children is horrifying
You can't even get wood toys now nothing just plastic they're touching plastic I mean imagine you cannot feel any plastic
So this is what a sane sahaja yogi has to understand that's how you can solve the problem of environmental
Thank God somehow with your affluence and too much of machinery
All the Western people, I'm happy to know even in Portugal realize the value of
Hand me
But in India if you offer somebody
In an handmade thing. They say Oh God
They have no money, but stainless tea great
In a stainless steel glass they'll give you tea see it's very big if you give it in a ceramic
Ah what this village craft?
They have to be told
But if you create a demand they'll be all right, they look after their handmade thing and here you can't do much
I've seen you see that it test that
Deafness is not there. That's lucky now lost it very few people have that left in them?
Even if they have to cut one coat with their hands they cannot do it
They have to use a machine which cuts
25 coats at times
Ha then this problem of you have to have a figure
Exactly because these only can fit certain figures. You can't have your own independent figure
This is all machine like stuff. You see you all must have that figure. Otherwise none fit it. So that is an ideal figure
So everybody works out for that
See there's a new machinery comes up you see for that kind of a thing then new styles to come there
It's such an artificial thing all man-made artificial
From your democracy your politics to your economics
To all your
so-called
ideas of creativity
everything becomes so artificial
Now people can't paint
What they paint if you see is you are just a ghast you don't know what is this supposed to be
and
It is supposed to be the symmetric loops. There's a hand, isn't it? Got to see that? Yes, I can
They can't do anything we can't have Shakespeare
We can't have doggie we can't have anyone of that time we can't have
Abraham Lincoln
We can have only machines you see bolts and laxity fitted nicely you fixed your fixed your fixture for instance
everybody fix license
Where do double this brain go where in this heart go? What will you do then?
It cannot collapse, I mean it's as long as you are existing the heart has to be
So all these artificialities has to be overcome by sahaja Yogi's the responsibility so build
Such a big
Building you have to bear on your shoulders and the foundation stones have to get up in the morning
To be chiseled out properly
So I adapt my
Next you today may God bless